{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Shireen Warrier\
\
My two most common errors were bad UI and bad UX.\
\
Link to Sketch designs:\
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B3JVeNgsLCjbODZEcE5XTXpHRzA?usp=sharing\
\
MDB Socials:\
\
Ugly colors and layouts on literally every screen. \
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dribbble.com/shots/1114754-Social-Feed-iOS7"}}{\fldrslt https://dribbble.com/shots/1114754-Social-Feed-iOS7}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dribbble.com/shots/1687643-Social-App-Profile"}}{\fldrslt https://dribbble.com/shots/1687643-Social-App-Profile}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dribbble.com/shots/1710164-Social-App-Design-UX-UI-GIF-iOS"}}{\fldrslt https://dribbble.com/shots/1710164-Social-App-Design-UX-UI-GIF-iOS}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dribbble.com/shots/1031733-Create-Post"}}{\fldrslt https://dribbble.com/shots/1031733-Create-Post}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dribbble.com/shots/1661585-Swagger-App-Transitions"}}{\fldrslt https://dribbble.com/shots/1661585-Swagger-App-Transitions}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dribbble.com/shots/2649470-design-collab"}}{\fldrslt https://dribbble.com/shots/2649470-design-collab}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dribbble.com/shots/2135531-Only-Text-ontent-App"}}{\fldrslt https://dribbble.com/shots/2135531-Only-Text-ontent-App}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dribbble.com/shots/2969032-Journey"}}{\fldrslt https://dribbble.com/shots/2969032-Journey}}\
\
MDB Socials is an app where the user can either sign up or log in to the app with an email and password, and is then taken to their feed. The feed has events that users have posted, and you can see who are going and all the information of the event by clicking on the individual cell. You can also create and post an event from the main feed view.\
The app uses Firebase to store User and Event information. \
\
\
MDB Matching Game:\
\
Really really really ugly. Terrible colors and everything is just a box.\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dribbble.com/shots/2534220-Macskor"}}{\fldrslt https://dribbble.com/shots/2534220-Macskor}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dribbble.com/shots/2996531-Motion-Experiment-Interface"}}{\fldrslt https://dribbble.com/shots/2996531-Motion-Experiment-Interface}}\
\
This is a game where a picture of an MDB member is displayed and the user has 5 seconds to guess the name of the member from 4 choices. When time runs out, a new picture is displayed. The user can see their longest streak and recent results by clicking on the statistics button. \
\
Pokedex:\
\
The two screens I did the Sketch designs for had badly designed labels and colors.\
\
Pokedex is an app for users to search for Pokemon by either name or number. The search results can be displayed as either a list or grid, and you can click on individual Pokemon to see their stats and add them to favorites. Within the tab bar, the user can decide to do an advanced search to narrow down results even more. They can also look at the Pokemon they have in their favorites.\
\
Weather App:\
\
This weather app displays the hourly and daily weather to the user with icons. \
\
}